new_specialist_last.py --headless
new_specialist_last.py --headless
new_specialized_mick.py --headless
new_specialized_mick.py --headless
new_specialized_mick.py --headless
new_specialized_mick.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
optimization_mick_2.py --headless
